# UFOs
# Analysis Overview
# The purpose of the project is to make it easier for people loking into UFO sughting information. The projects goal was to make it easy to use for someone to go through the data. To make it easier on someon using the webpage, the user has the ability to filter by using tan combination of: City, State, Date, Country and shape of the UFO. These filtering abilities make it easier for people to look through all of the data in a fast and officent way. 
# Results
# When using the website one can scroll down to the filter search area and fill in the spaces: City, State, Date, Country and shape of the UFO. When the custoemr types in the information they are looking for in the spaces, the website will show relvant sightings to the filters the user put in place. You can reference an image in the images under UFO3.png.  The website's input boxes has sample data showing that can help the user know what to fill in. 
# Summary
# The website has a lot of information that would be hard to filter through without the filtere search section on the webpage. We want to make the experiene of using the website user freindly, so it was decided to create a filter search section to help make the user experience more enjoyable. One drawaback of the webpage is the type style. When you are using the filter Search section the sample info shown is in lowercase which isn't very visually apealing. A reccomondation for this project is to adda comment section so other people who might have seen that sightig can compare what they have seen and or ask people questions of the sightings they saw. Another reccomondation is adding a picture section where you can see images of the possible UFO's that someone took. 
